README.md, before:

# Vividhata Accessibility Checker

Accessibility Checker for Vividhata, developed in 41113 Software Development Studio

## Setup local PostgreSQL database
Make sure you have postgres installed and can access the `psql` command-line tool.

To log in with the admin user: `psql -U <username>`  
*(username is* `postgres` *by default)*

1. Run `CREATE USER ac_admin_local WITH PASSWORD 'fywkAm-vivhu4-nijgeq';`
2. Run `CREATE DATABASE accessibility_checker_local OWNER ac_admin_local;`

Now run the backend API, and use Postman (or some other tool) to rebuild the schema using the API:
1. Create a `POST` request to `http://localhost:8000/api/admin/db/rebuild-schema`
2. Include a header with key `ADMIN-AUTHENTICATION` and value `nahsyw-heqsi1-jucTof`

## Running project locally
The project will only work as intended when both the frontend and backend are running simultaneously

### Backend
1. Navigate terminal to `accessibility-api`
2. Run `mvn package`
3. Run `java -jar target/*.jar`

This will run the backend on port 8000

### Frontend
1. Navigate terminal to `frontend`
2. Run `npm start`
3. Open `http://localhost:3000`

Commit message:

Moved passwords to env variables

README.md, after:

# Vividhata Accessibility Checker

Accessibility Checker for Vividhata, developed in 41113 Software Development Studio

## Setup environment variables
Environment variables can be set in multiple ways; pick one of the below.

These environment variables must be set to a password of your choice:
- AC_DB_PASSWORD
- AC_ADMIN_AUTH

**Write these passwords down somewhere**

### Set environment variables on device
Guide for each OS:  
https://configu.com/blog/setting-env-variables-in-windows-linux-macos-beginners-guide/

### Set environment variables in IntelliJ run configuration
Guide:  
https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/program-arguments-and-environment-variables.html#environment_variables

## Setup local PostgreSQL database
Make sure you have postgres installed and can access the `psql` command-line tool.

To log in with the admin user: `psql -U <username>`  
*(username is* `postgres` *by default)*

1. Run `CREATE USER ac_admin_local WITH PASSWORD '<AC_DB_PASSWORD>';`
   * Replace `<AC_DB_PASSWORD>` with the password used for the corresponding environment variable
2. Run `CREATE DATABASE accessibility_checker_local OWNER ac_admin_local;`

Now run the backend API, and use Postman (or some other tool) to rebuild the schema using the API:
1. Create a `POST` request to `http://localhost:8000/api/admin/db/rebuild-schema`
2. Include a header with key `ADMIN-AUTHENTICATION` and value `<AC_ADMIN_AUTH>`
   * Replace `<AC_ADMIN_AUTH>` with the password used for the corresponding environment variable

## Running project locally
The project will only work as intended when both the frontend and backend are running simultaneously

### Backend
1. Navigate terminal to `accessibility-api`
2. Run `mvn package`
3. Run `java -jar target/*.jar`

Alternatively, an IntelliJ run configuration could be used

This will run the backend on port 8000

### Frontend
1. Navigate terminal to `frontend`
2. Run `npm start`
3. Open `http://localhost:3000`
