accessibility-api/README.md, before:

# Accessibility Checker API

## Setup
Setup is detailed in the `README.md` in the root folder for the project.

## Using the API
The API is designed to be used from the frontend. However, for testing, a tool like Postman which can hit an endpoint directly can be used.

All API endpoints come from the base url `http://localhost:8080/api` when run locally. For example, to hit the `/account/create` endpoint, you should hit `http://localhost:8080/api/account/create`

Any endpoints that require a login will return a `401 UNAUTHORIZED` if they are hit without first hitting the `/account/login` endpoint.

All endpoints will return a `200 OK` if they succeed, and may or may not return data in the response as well.

## Endpoints

### Admin

---

#### `/admin/db/rebuild-schema`
Rebuilds the schema, erasing all data. Should be done after any update to the backend.

Requires login: *false*

Requires the following header:
- Key: `ADMIN-AUTHENTICATION`
- Value: The API admin password set during setup

No body required.


Returns no significant data.

### Account

---

#### `/account/create`
Requires login: *false*

Body contents (JSON):
```
{
    "username": "gregory.example.1",
    "password": "gregory.password.1",
    "firstName": "Gregory",
    "lastName": "Example"
}
```

Can return a `400 BAD REQUEST` if there is some error with the request, including:
- Username is taken
- Password is invalid

Returns no significant data.

---

#### `/account/login`
Requires login: *false*

Body contents (JSON):
```
{
    "username": "gregory.example.1",
    "password": "gregory.password.1"
}
```

Can return a `401 UNAUTHORIZED` if the credentials are incorrect.

Returns no significant data.

---

#### `/account/logout`
Requires login: *true*

No body required.

Returns no significant data.

---

#### `/account/me`
Requires login: *true*

No body required.

Returns (JSON):
```
{
    "username": "gregory.example.1",
    "id": 1
}
```

---

### Scan

___

#### `/scan/from-url`
Fetches a website, scans it, and returns the details of that scan, including all issues.

Requires login: *true*

Body contents (Text):
```
https://www.url-to-scan.com
```
*Note: url must include protocol (e.g. `http://` or `https://`)*

Returns (JSON):
```
{
    "id": 1,
    "webPageId": 1,
    "timeScanned": "2025-09-10T03:32:11.983352Z",
    "htmlContent": "<html>EntirePageContents</html>",
    "issues": [
        {
            "id": 1,
            "scanId": 1,
            "issueType": "SAMPLE_ISSUE_2",
            "htmlSnippet": "<sample>snippet</sample>"
        },
        {
            "id": 1,
            "scanId": 2,
            "issueType": "SAMPLE_ISSUE_2",
            "htmlSnippet": "<sample>snippet</sample>"
        }
    ]
}
```

Commit message:

README update (#11)
* Fetch html as string from website

* Web pages

* Create and store check of web page

* create functions return keys now

* Better naming

* Implemented sample issue checking

* Added README for API

* Clarity

* README change

---------

Co-authored-by: Daniel Keith <danielrkeith@mac.lan>

accessibility-api/README.md, after:

# Accessibility Checker API

## Setup
Setup is detailed in the `README.md` in the root folder for the project.

## Using the API
The API is designed to be used from the frontend. However, for testing, a tool like Postman which can hit an endpoint directly can be used.

All API endpoints come from the base url `http://localhost:8080/api` when run locally. For example, to hit the `/account/create` endpoint, you should hit `http://localhost:8080/api/account/create`

Any endpoints that require a login will return a `401 UNAUTHORIZED` if they are hit without first hitting the `/account/login` endpoint.
- To check if any account is logged in, hit any endpoint that requires a login (e.g. `/account/me`) and see if it returns a `401`.


All endpoints will return a `200 OK` if they succeed, and may or may not return data in the response as well.

## Endpoints

### Admin

---

#### `/admin/db/rebuild-schema`
Rebuilds the schema, erasing all data. Should be done after any update to the backend.

Requires login: *false*

Requires the following header:
- Key: `ADMIN-AUTHENTICATION`
- Value: The API admin password set during setup

No body required.


Returns no significant data.

### Account

---

#### `/account/create`
Requires login: *false*

Body contents (JSON):
```
{
    "username": "gregory.example.1",
    "password": "gregory.password.1",
    "firstName": "Gregory",
    "lastName": "Example"
}
```

Can return a `400 BAD REQUEST` if there is some error with the request, including:
- Username is taken
- Password is invalid

Returns no significant data.

---

#### `/account/login`
Requires login: *false*

Body contents (JSON):
```
{
    "username": "gregory.example.1",
    "password": "gregory.password.1"
}
```

Can return a `401 UNAUTHORIZED` if the credentials are incorrect.

Returns no significant data.

---

#### `/account/logout`
Requires login: *true*

No body required.

Returns no significant data.

---

#### `/account/me`
Requires login: *true*

No body required.

Returns (JSON):
```
{
    "username": "gregory.example.1",
    "id": 1
}
```

---

### Scan

___

#### `/scan/from-url`
Fetches a website, scans it, and returns the details of that scan, including all issues.

Requires login: *true*

Body contents (Text):
```
https://www.url-to-scan.com
```
*Note: url must include protocol (e.g. `http://` or `https://`)*

Returns (JSON):
```
{
    "id": 1,
    "webPageId": 1,
    "timeScanned": "2025-09-10T03:32:11.983352Z",
    "htmlContent": "<html>EntirePageContents</html>",
    "issues": [
        {
            "id": 1,
            "scanId": 1,
            "issueType": "SAMPLE_ISSUE_2",
            "htmlSnippet": "<sample>snippet</sample>"
        },
        {
            "id": 1,
            "scanId": 2,
            "issueType": "SAMPLE_ISSUE_2",
            "htmlSnippet": "<sample>snippet</sample>"
        }
    ]
}
```
